today I'm going to share with you my
favorite pancake-making tips
we're going to start by making thick and
fluffy american-style pancakes and we're
going to need 1 egg 200 grams of
self-raising flour 250 milliliters of
milk 1 teaspoon of baking powder and a
tablespoon of sugar mix the flour sugar
and baking powder together I've also
added a pinch of salt then break in the
egg and give it a good mix keep mixing
slowly and add the milk the mixture
should be pretty smooth but don't worry
if there's a few lumps then cut off a
knob of butter and heat it in a pan pour
any excess butter into the mixture and
whisk it in this will help make the
pancakes nice and rich pour the mixture
into a jug and add some to the pan when
you can start seeing air bubbles in the
mixture turn it over and cook the other
side you can serve it with a knob of
butter and some maple syrup use a metal
cookie cutter to make fun shaped
pancakes and with this gingerbread man
cutter I'm using blueberries for eyes to
make blueberry style pancakes add some
blueberries to the mixture and give it a
good stir then pour some into the pan
and cook as normal add some butter or
syrup as you like to toss a pancake
first you need to make sure it's cooked
on the underside and slides around
smoothly in the pan then you need to
quickly push the pan away from you and
flick it with your wrist so the pancake
slides up the back of the pan and over
make sure there's no oil in the pan
because you don't want it to splash out
and burn you if you have any batter left
over you can store it in an empty sauce
bottle
put the lid on and keep it in the fridge
the next morning give it a good shake
and it's ready for cooking I like to
serve my pancakes in a stack and covered
in maple syrup to make the thin
european-style pancakes you need to mix
half a point of milk together with an
egg then add 125 grams of plain flour
and a pinch of salt into a bowl slowly
add the milk and egg whisk thoroughly
and pour the mixture into a drug heat
some oil in a pan and cook a nice big
pancake once it's cooked
you could add lemon and sugar or some
fruit I'm going to cover it in a layer
of chocolate spread then slide it
between the prongs of a fork and twist
the fork to roll up the pancake cut it
in half and serve it with a scoop of ice
cream
I hope you've enjoyed watching this
video if you want to see more click on
the links on the right hand side or take
a look at my youtube channel page have
fun enjoy your pancakes and thanks for
watching
you